---
title: "Blender for Generating Images"
date: 2020-01-02 10:23:00 +0900
categories: Blender
---

# Install Blender           
If you are Linux user, installation is very easy.          
(1) Open the Ubuntu Software            
(2) Find the Blender            
(3) Install the Blender         


# Control     
Tab: Switch Edit Mode and Object Mode

Shift + a: Add almost everything      
Shift + d, Alt + d: Copy and Paste     
Shift + z: Change the viewport of object
Shift + s: Cursor & Mouse's utility, i.e.Cursor to worl origin      

Ctrl + R: Cut Roop      
Ctrl + b: Bevel     

. : Focus on the selected object      
Delete: Delete
z: Render Mode
W: Smooth and Flat, Plus some utilities   
G: Move the object,     
G + x or y or z: Move on specific axis      
S: Scale up or down,      
S + x or y or z: Scaling on specific axis     
R: Rotate the object,     
R + x or y or z: Rotatiting on specific axis      
M: Collection, collecting selected objects into one     

F3: Search and Use the utility      

Control + z: Undo     

Left click + R: Rotate     
Left click + G: Move     
Left click + S: Scale Up and Down  
Left click + Shift + Left Click: Group      
Drag using left click: Group

Mouse wheel: Change the view position (Fixed Object)      
Shift + Mouse wheel: Move the view position (Not Fixed Object)      
Up-scrolling wheel: Increase the size of view      
Down-scrolling wheel: Decrease the the size of view      


# Color      
(1) Right Click on the target object      
(2) Click the Material Properties     
(3) Click the Use Nodes in the Blue button      
(4) Select the Base Color, and Change the Color     

or Go to shading tab.     


# Light     
(1) Right Clcik on the Light      
(2) Click the Object Data Properties      
(3) Change the Color, Power and Radius      
* If you place it far from object or make it so weak,     
it might not affect.


# Video      
Space Bar: Play     
Shift + Left Key: Go Back to the first      
Shift + Right Key: Go to the last


# Camera      
(1) Make some cameras      
(2) Check each camera view      
(3) Go to output properties     
(4) Check stereoscopy, multi-view and then individual in views format     
(5) Synchronize the suffix and camera name in multi-view utility      
(6) Press F12 and save the images      

Numpad 1, 3, 7, 9: They are control key for seeing differently in XYZ cartesian coordinate system.      
Numpad 0: View of camera


# Viewport      
There are four viewport options you can change,      
Wireframe, Solid, Material and Rendered.            


# Render      
Eevee: Fast and cheap. You should use some options like as ambient occlusion, screen space reflections...     
Cycles: Slow and expensive, but the quality is super excellent.         


# Fog     
In shading mode > Go to world environment > Shift + A, Shader, princial volume > Connect     


# Shading and Rendering     
These are really so interesting and great.      
Click the Shading on Tool bar, You can choose the Rendering mode.     
Click the target object and press the new button,     
you can change and control the object properties.     


# LoopTools      
You can use the loopTools utility with W key.      
Turn on that tool.      
Edit > Preferences > Add-ons > search: loop top > Activate to Mesh: LoopTools     


# HDRI Background     
(1) Downlaod the hdri image at <https://hdrihaven.com/>     
(2) In Shading place, change the World.     
Shift+A > Texture > Environment Texture > Open that hdri image > Connect      


# Make a hole in Mesh     
(1) Make a Object to get a hole    
(2) Make a Cutting object like as cyliner, circle     
(3) Click the (1), Add Modifier > Boolean in Generate > Set Operation to Difference > Click the Spoide in Object Section     
(4) Click the Cylinder      
(5) Apply     


# Fix Scale     
(1) Adjust the dimensions of object     
(2) It's size will be changed and scale also      
(3) Click the obejct and then Ctrl + A > Scale.     
(4) It is going to be 1.0 of scale.     


# Select Box      
If the select box disapeared      
(1) Check that icon above the Cursor      
(2) Click and Drag to right bottom side     
(3) Choose the Select Box     


# Moving all the objects together      
It is Proportional Editing Objects mode.      
You have to turn off the PEO mode, press the key, O.      


# Activate that, To Sphere     
To activate that 'to sphere' utility,     
Shift + Alt + S.      


# Pink or Insane Screen with rendering, Suddenly     
Check that path of HDR is correct or not.     


# Round edges     
(1) Select the object     
(2) Go to Edit mode then edges or 2     
(3) Click the Edges     
(4) Let's do that bevel     
(5) Move the Whell-scroll of the mouse      


# If Boolean makes some problems?      
I think it always makes problems.     
If the hole maker which is cylinder or something is on the edges of object,      
it cause problems.     
Maybe you can't select the object or there is no boolean effect. 
(1) Generate a new object to cut hole or to be cutted.      
(2) Change the sequence of cutting hole.      
(3) Re-try from the start until there.      

Subdivide, it can be able to solution sometimes.      
Before doing Boolean, do subdvide firstly.      
    

# Merge or Join some objects      
(1) Click the first object      
(2) Click another object that you want to make into one     
(3) Ctrl + J      


# Smooth Faces      
(1) Go to Edit mode     
(2) Select all the faces need to be changed     
(3) Mesh menu (on the upper-left side) > Shading > Smooth Faces     


# Render Animation          
You can choose the type of file, jpg, png or avi.           
(1) At the first frame, press I key and save the location of object.            
(2) Some frames later, change the location of object and save it with I button.            
(3) Repeat the processes until end of the frame.            

